[Music]
[Applause]
leave a shop across the road and that's
where we saw like Christmas stuff though
as you can see it's like just a big huge
garage this is the Christmas you it's
pretty sad
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah we circus the seven toilet paper
boxes you know I'm totally okay the back
to thinking you are totally useless not
on skis
[Music]
so usually what we do is put our
Christmas tree right there in that
corner but our chimney is breaking yeah
so we're gonna have to get that like
removed and redone so if we had it right
there we probably just had to move it
because they're planning on doing that
next week I think that's the most
logical place to put it other than on
that all right that's fine no one yeah I
know anyone goes to that door ever so
[Music]
you don't have a star for this tree so
I'm just working with some ribbon I
thought that liked okay so that's what
it looks like right now this bench I
don't know why we have a blue skirt but
that's what we have so I'm fine with the
smaller tree as long as it's taller than
me and obviously that was a nice we put
the screen here the last year as well
because like I said the big tree isn't
there so these are our stockings we used
to everybody used to have a different
one but then they all started like
getting broken and stuff so my mom just
ordered everyone one of these so like
here's mine my older brothers my mom and
dads and then I really like the look of
everyone's being the same and how we
hang them up I thought this is really
cool my dad figured this out are these
little old-fashioned nails so we just
kind of find a space in the in between
the stone and then just hang it up there
which i think is a really cool way of
doing that so we got all the lights
going on here are you guys gonna start
hanging in the ornaments I'm gonna
you're gonna start I take piano lessons
for a long time but I never actually
like stuck with it so I'm not a very
good player but I have been indulging in
some of my old songs so I'm playing one
for you
[Music]
okay so I've been here for a little bit
just playing a little played a couple
songs you know just tuning the strings
very work like practicing and then I
started singing to what I was playing
and I'm like I should probably practice
my voice what I'm doing voice lessons so
I'm currently practicing this song in
Thor no a little meal which is an
Italian
[Music]
[Applause]